README.md, before:

# Create a budgeting system

## Templates and spreadsheets

- [10 Free Printable Budget Worksheets | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/printable-budget-worksheets/)
- [A Simple Spreadsheet on "When You Can Retire" (And Also How Long You Have Until Death!) | Budgets Are Sexy | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/when-you-can-retire-spreadsheet-and-when-youre-going-to-die/)
- [Best Free Budget Templates & Spreadsheets | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/free-budget-templates-sites/)
- [Best Microsoft Excel Budgeting Spreadsheets – Free Household Budgeting Templates You Can Use! | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/best-microsoft-excel-budgeting-spreadsheets/)
- [Budget Estimator | get rich slowly](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RZg4XoseLNJRYLQ57cbZUDxXZcl6z4Vt3zmMtMhCAzA/htmlview?hl=en&pli=1)
- [Budget Modeler Example](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16x_2IkTArADOGfmimU8V7ejkpfCwdgKQWYmRMJJdRXg/edit#gid=0)
- [Financial Independence Spreadsheet | mad fientist](https://www.madfientist.com/financial-independence-spreadsheet/)
- [Monthly By Week Budget Form 2006-10-30 Blank.xls | josephsangl.com](https://www.josephsangl.com/wp-content/uploads/2006/12/Monthly%20By%20Week%20Budget%20Form%202006-10-30%20Blank.htm)
- [Monthly Budget Form 2006-10-12 Blank.xls | josephsangl.com](https://www.josephsangl.com/wp-content/uploads/2006/11/Monthly%20Budget%20Form%202006-11-30.htm)
- [Post-FIRE Spreadsheet | mad fientist](https://www.madfientist.com/post-fire-spreadsheet/)
- [Simple budget planner | get rich slowly](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/185n_eqi_o5gm-9L9zoLzMuinddiQldm6lA2Y9GE5Y-E/edit?amp;hl=en#gid=0) *(see accompanying article)*
- [The Balanced Money Formula | get rich slowly](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kVO7C9j4cQZUb1P9R1HQuTA7bNWkNDS_/view)
- [The Early Retirement/Financial Freedom Spreadsheet! | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/early-retirement-fi-spreadsheet/)
- [The Budgets Are Sexy "Financial Snapshot" Spreadsheet | Budgets Are Sexy | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/budget-are-sexy-financial-snapshot-spreadsheet/)

## Calculators

- [Best Early Retirement Calculators | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/best-early-retirement-calculators/)
- [Best Net Worth Calculators | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/best-net-worth-calculators/)
- [Budget Calculator | calculator.net](https://www.calculator.net/budget-calculator.html)
- [Cost of Living Calculator | numbeo](https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/)
- [Cost of Living in Florence, SC | numbeo](https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/in/Florence-SC-United-States)
- [Home Budget Calculator | bankrate](https://www.bankrate.com/real-estate/home-budget-plan-calculator/)
- [Money Boss net worth calculator | get rich slowly](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15Cr7CbgsXH3yah_lN8U4q5II_E14K2jdT8YRYA8E3xM/edit#gid=0)

## Tools

- [9 Best Free Budgeting Software Tools | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/free-budget-software/)
- [Best budgeting apps of 2021 | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/best-budgeting-apps/)
- [FI Laboratory | mad fientist](https://www.madfientist.com/fi-laboratory/)
- [Mint.com](https://mint.intuit.com/)
- [YNAB app](https://www.youneedabudget.com/) *(see accompanying review and blog)*

## Articles

- [A Free and Simple Budget Planner | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/a-free-and-simple-budget-planner/) *(see accompanying speadsheet)*
- [As Recession Looms, Planning Your ‘Doomsday Budget’ Is Key to Peace of Mind | forge](https://forge.medium.com/as-a-recession-looms-planning-your-doomsday-budget-is-key-to-peace-of-mind-4f59704a01a5)
- [Budgeting for a New Baby | investopedia](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/08/budgeting-for-baby.asp)
- [Budgeting Systems: Design One That Sticks to Your Lifestyle This Year | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/budgeting-systems/)
- [Create a Budget for Your Income and Necessities | the balance](https://www.thebalancemoney.com/budget-worksheet-income-and-necessities-453596)
- [Credit Karma Guide to Budgeting | credit karma](https://www.creditkarma.com/advice/i/credit-karma-guide-budgeting)
- [Financial Spring Cleaning: 8 Money Moves You Should Do Now from Home | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/money-spring-cleaning/)
- [How to budget: A pain-free guide to building a budget that works | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/how-to-budget/)
- [How To Make A Budget (And Actually Stick To It Every Month) | good financial cents](https://www.goodfinancialcents.com/how-to-budget/)
- [How To Set Up Your Budget Categories With The 50:30:20 Rule | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/budget-categories-50-30-20-rule/)
- [Review: You need a budget | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/you-need-a-budget/) *(see accompanying tool and blog)*
- [The 50/30/20 Rule of Thumb for Budgeting | the balance](https://www.thebalancemoney.com/the-50-30-20-rule-of-thumb-453922)
- [The Grand Finale of The Baby $$$ Tracker | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/how-much-babies-cost/)
- [The money boss budget | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/money-boss-budget/)
- [What is the best approach for budgeting savings? | r/ynab](https://www.reddit.com/r/ynab/comments/8d4ab4/what_is_the_best_approach_for_budgeting_savings/)
- [Your Complete Guide To Creating A Monthly Budget This Year | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/monthly-budget/)

## Aggregated resources

- [Budget Like A Badass | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/playlist/budget-like-badass/)
- [Budgeting | frugal for life](https://frugalforlife.blogspot.com/search/label/Budgetting)
- [Budgeting | investopedia](https://www.investopedia.com/budgeting-4689726)
- [Budgeting | my money blog](https://www.mymoneyblog.com/category/budgeting)
- [Budgeting Skills | skillsyouneed](https://www.skillsyouneed.com/num/budgeting.html)
- [My Favorite Financial Blogs, Books, Apps, & More | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/recommend/)
- [The Financial Toolbox | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/toolbox/)
- [Treasure Chest: My Favorite Financial Resources & Tools | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/resources-tools/)

## Blogs

- [Budgets Are Sexy Blog](https://budgetsaresexy.com/)
- [You Need a Budget | ynab](https://www.youneedabudget.com/blog/) *(see accompanying tool and review)*

## Communities

- [You Need a Budget | reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/ynab/)

## YouTube channels

- [You Need A Budget (YNAB) | youtube](https://www.youtube.com/user/YouNeedABudget)

Commit message:

add spreadsheets and tools recommendations link

README.md, after:

# Create a budgeting system

## Templates and spreadsheets

- [10 Free Printable Budget Worksheets | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/printable-budget-worksheets/)
- [A Simple Spreadsheet on "When You Can Retire" (And Also How Long You Have Until Death!) | Budgets Are Sexy | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/when-you-can-retire-spreadsheet-and-when-youre-going-to-die/)
- [Best Free Budget Templates & Spreadsheets | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/free-budget-templates-sites/)
- [Best Microsoft Excel Budgeting Spreadsheets – Free Household Budgeting Templates You Can Use! | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/best-microsoft-excel-budgeting-spreadsheets/)
- [Budget Estimator | get rich slowly](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RZg4XoseLNJRYLQ57cbZUDxXZcl6z4Vt3zmMtMhCAzA/htmlview?hl=en&pli=1)
- [Budget Modeler Example](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16x_2IkTArADOGfmimU8V7ejkpfCwdgKQWYmRMJJdRXg/edit#gid=0)
- [Financial Independence Spreadsheet | mad fientist](https://www.madfientist.com/financial-independence-spreadsheet/)
- [Monthly By Week Budget Form 2006-10-30 Blank.xls | josephsangl.com](https://www.josephsangl.com/wp-content/uploads/2006/12/Monthly%20By%20Week%20Budget%20Form%202006-10-30%20Blank.htm)
- [Monthly Budget Form 2006-10-12 Blank.xls | josephsangl.com](https://www.josephsangl.com/wp-content/uploads/2006/11/Monthly%20Budget%20Form%202006-11-30.htm)
- [Post-FIRE Spreadsheet | mad fientist](https://www.madfientist.com/post-fire-spreadsheet/)
- [Simple budget planner | get rich slowly](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/185n_eqi_o5gm-9L9zoLzMuinddiQldm6lA2Y9GE5Y-E/edit?amp;hl=en#gid=0) *(see accompanying article)*
- [The Balanced Money Formula | get rich slowly](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kVO7C9j4cQZUb1P9R1HQuTA7bNWkNDS_/view)
- [The Early Retirement/Financial Freedom Spreadsheet! | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/early-retirement-fi-spreadsheet/)
- [The Budgets Are Sexy "Financial Snapshot" Spreadsheet | Budgets Are Sexy | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/budget-are-sexy-financial-snapshot-spreadsheet/)

## Calculators

- [Best Early Retirement Calculators | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/best-early-retirement-calculators/)
- [Best Net Worth Calculators | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/best-net-worth-calculators/)
- [Budget Calculator | calculator.net](https://www.calculator.net/budget-calculator.html)
- [Cost of Living Calculator | numbeo](https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/)
- [Cost of Living in Florence, SC | numbeo](https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/in/Florence-SC-United-States)
- [Home Budget Calculator | bankrate](https://www.bankrate.com/real-estate/home-budget-plan-calculator/)
- [Money Boss net worth calculator | get rich slowly](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15Cr7CbgsXH3yah_lN8U4q5II_E14K2jdT8YRYA8E3xM/edit#gid=0)

## Tools

- [6 Budgeting Spreadsheets and Tools Everyone Should Be Using in 2022 | i will teach you to be rich](https://www.iwillteachyoutoberich.com/blog/best-budgeting-spreadsheets-and-tools/)
- [9 Best Free Budgeting Software Tools | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/free-budget-software/)
- [Best budgeting apps of 2021 | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/best-budgeting-apps/)
- [FI Laboratory | mad fientist](https://www.madfientist.com/fi-laboratory/)
- [Mint.com](https://mint.intuit.com/)
- [YNAB app](https://www.youneedabudget.com/) *(see accompanying review and blog)*

## Articles

- [A Free and Simple Budget Planner | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/a-free-and-simple-budget-planner/) *(see accompanying speadsheet)*
- [As Recession Looms, Planning Your ‘Doomsday Budget’ Is Key to Peace of Mind | forge](https://forge.medium.com/as-a-recession-looms-planning-your-doomsday-budget-is-key-to-peace-of-mind-4f59704a01a5)
- [Budgeting for a New Baby | investopedia](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/08/budgeting-for-baby.asp)
- [Budgeting Systems: Design One That Sticks to Your Lifestyle This Year | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/budgeting-systems/)
- [Create a Budget for Your Income and Necessities | the balance](https://www.thebalancemoney.com/budget-worksheet-income-and-necessities-453596)
- [Credit Karma Guide to Budgeting | credit karma](https://www.creditkarma.com/advice/i/credit-karma-guide-budgeting)
- [Financial Spring Cleaning: 8 Money Moves You Should Do Now from Home | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/money-spring-cleaning/)
- [How to budget: A pain-free guide to building a budget that works | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/how-to-budget/)
- [How To Make A Budget (And Actually Stick To It Every Month) | good financial cents](https://www.goodfinancialcents.com/how-to-budget/)
- [How To Set Up Your Budget Categories With The 50:30:20 Rule | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/budget-categories-50-30-20-rule/)
- [Review: You need a budget | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/you-need-a-budget/) *(see accompanying tool and blog)*
- [The 50/30/20 Rule of Thumb for Budgeting | the balance](https://www.thebalancemoney.com/the-50-30-20-rule-of-thumb-453922)
- [The Grand Finale of The Baby $$$ Tracker | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/how-much-babies-cost/)
- [The money boss budget | get rich slowly](https://www.getrichslowly.org/money-boss-budget/)
- [What is the best approach for budgeting savings? | r/ynab](https://www.reddit.com/r/ynab/comments/8d4ab4/what_is_the_best_approach_for_budgeting_savings/)
- [Your Complete Guide To Creating A Monthly Budget This Year | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/monthly-budget/)

## Aggregated resources

- [Budget Like A Badass | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/playlist/budget-like-badass/)
- [Budgeting | frugal for life](https://frugalforlife.blogspot.com/search/label/Budgetting)
- [Budgeting | investopedia](https://www.investopedia.com/budgeting-4689726)
- [Budgeting | my money blog](https://www.mymoneyblog.com/category/budgeting)
- [Budgeting Skills | skillsyouneed](https://www.skillsyouneed.com/num/budgeting.html)
- [My Favorite Financial Blogs, Books, Apps, & More | budgets are sexy](https://budgetsaresexy.com/recommend/)
- [The Financial Toolbox | listen money matters](https://www.listenmoneymatters.com/toolbox/)
- [Treasure Chest: My Favorite Financial Resources & Tools | wallet hacks](https://wallethacks.com/resources-tools/)

## Blogs

- [Budgets Are Sexy Blog](https://budgetsaresexy.com/)
- [You Need a Budget | ynab](https://www.youneedabudget.com/blog/) *(see accompanying tool and review)*

## Communities

- [You Need a Budget | reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/ynab/)

## YouTube channels

- [You Need A Budget (YNAB) | youtube](https://www.youtube.com/user/YouNeedABudget)
